Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Mike: Good, good. We're supposed to notify you Mary was I called her cuz I was in the virtual clinic for
Mike: I don't know. It seemed like forever. It must have been about almost 29
Mike: And it was getting close to six. I was like, oh my god, I said, I call them the cell phone and spoke to marry at the
Mike: Right heart how and she was. I was like, can you please let us know that I'm here, I'm just stuck in the virtual
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Clinic and no one, no one
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Told me Mike and I have logged off my computer. And I thought, no show. So yeah, that that's frustrating.
Mike: Yeah, and I mean I talked to her twice about the the concern. I was like, we've had issues before we end up getting there, and time. I said,
Mike: Please, you have to let her know that
Mike: And so I was like I clicked. I was like, You know what, okay, if I was Jessica and I was not shown up on her meeting room yet what would she do, I was like, she's gonna she can email me. So I ran. I had my tablet actually
Mike: The vehicle know
Mike: Brought the computer everything with me as I went, because I was stealing your meeting room waiting to see
Mike: I got past the virtual client. Finally, and I was in your meeting room but I went and grabbed my tablet and pulled up my email and I saw that you had emailed so I was like, oh, maybe this will be the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Best yeah yeah but
Mike: We talked to her.
Mike: Twice about
Mike: Making sure that you knew what was going on.
Mike: Yeah, it's a little upsetting fading to notify you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, wait a little longer because I had shut down my computer so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm problems is shut down.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then like now have to restart it. But
Mike: No.
Mike: No, my goodness, how are you today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm doing good. How about yourself.
Mike: Not bad. I think I just
Mike: Don't know I've been
Mike: Feeling a bit of anxiety, um,
Mike: I did get the Seroquel picked up today, so I'm looking forward to taking yet and seeing how much that helps with the insomnia that I've been dealing with. I'm hoping that that kind of gets me a little more back into regular routine sleep.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I've been sweating.
A bit
Mike: Like
Mike: My back of my neck and my forehead area I'm in feeling like a little bit like the anxiety, like in my chest, you know, type of look failing like kind of like being squeezed um
Mike: I am
Mike: Then really dealing. I think a lot with like a lot of emotions like oh my god it's been, I've been all emotional not an emotional guy, you know, and
Mike: It's been like a flood of emotions. It seems as a real recently, last
Mike: Within this last, you know, few days, I would say, more so than before. Um, I feel, I feel like like cuz I mean there's just been so many things that have transpired.
Mike: Um, throughout the years of my addiction and now I'm like facing a lot of those again, is what I'm kind of feel like it's happening I'm
Mike: Like the
Mike: The, a lot of those thoughts and feelings have been really reoccurring
Mike: A lot more. In fact, some of the people who have passed away that I was really close to during the time that I was under the influence. Um, I've been having dreams about them when I do go to sleep. And I think that might be even part of why I wake up at times.
Mike: Because they feel really vivid and then there are people that have passed. Um, and I hadn't dream about them at all the entire time that I was taking medication and or
Mike: Other substance.
Mike: And so now I'm like
Mike: I don't know if my subconscious mind is what doing that or what it is, but yeah.
That's
Mike: What I've been kind of feeling and going with a little bit lately.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He said, these were friends that also had pass addiction his
Mike: Family. Family members that have passed away.
Mike: Well, I was under the influence ended and addictive. Um, I was I was taking pills for the majority of the time, and some of the people. My grandparents, for example, I lost both of them. And I also lost my mother about
Mike: Nearly two years ago. And so I had been, I've been on on drugs for, you know, six years, you know, straight
Mike: I'm daily. You know what I mean. And so
Mike: Some of the emotions and or the feelings that I
Mike: Didn't process, maybe, you know, because I was under like the veil of being under influence. You know, I don't know if that's why I'm you know having you know these people kind of in my dreams and in my thoughts. A lot
Mike: You know,
Mike: It's, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What happens in those dreams.
Mike: I'm with some of them are like real vivid. Um, and, like,
Mike: Nothing like real like event for, for the most part that I could really recall. Um, but just seeing them like in my dream like it's
Mike: It's like, like I know like I hadn't seen him in a long time. You know, like, I feel that in my dream and I'm so it
Mike: It makes me like aware even though I'm asleep.
Mike: You know, and it'll wake me up.
Mike: Because it's not like I mean, before this.
Mike: The only time like I'd experienced anything kind of similar was like there was a time like I would try to quit on my own. Before I started with the group and I dealt with a lot of vivid dreams, but they were like, they were like crazy.
Mike: Dreams. They were like,
Mike: There was like crazy stuff going on. And they were like, either. There was violence in, um, I'm like I'm or like, you know, spirituality, like there was like like negative spirit when it kind of felt like um it was
Mike: It was like more of that but not like people that I had lost during being, you know,
Mike: And then so
Mike: To like be dealing with that now just, you know, I don't know why you know I am. You know, I'm all, I've been able to kind of assume it's just that I didn't really process. Some of these or agree. Some of these people as I normally would have maybe
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some of the remorse that you were
Mike: Yeah, yeah. Yes, definitely. Yeah, that's another perfect
Mike: Analogy of what I feel. Yeah, definitely.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, I, I'm not sure if you were in that group, but I did talk about trauma and how there is a compulsion to come to repeat and so
Mike: We get the triangle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, that was the drama triangle.
Mike: Of the Brahma. COM. Yes.
Mike: Yeah I caught you know the the trauma people that have dealt with trauma, they have this compulsion to repeat
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so on. If you think about it, domestic violence. Some people will leave one domestic violent relationship and go to the next one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And because that compulsion to repeat is them hoping that if they go into 11 situation, they'll be able to exert mastery offerings and you'll come up with a new solution. So giving them a sense of control and so please be
Mike: Off hamster store. Yeah. Yeah. Because it doesn't happen.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, but that's why even even pets. They have been abused. They'll still go back to the piece of owner, because it's a known place for them, whether it's safe or not. And so that compulsion to compete. So repeat an unsafe environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just because it's something that is understood something that's known for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so I'm wondering with the streams. The compulsion to repeat is because in the train. There's hoping that they'll be some type of resolution to the remorse that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And your subconscious is moving up the streams and these people that you're hoping that you would be able to exert some some resolution to whatever conflict or
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What ending that she
Mike: Right, yeah. What is Felicia, because that's what I feel more most of
Mike: You know,
Mike: Is that you know there were a lot of times
Mike: And things that were missed. You know what I mean, because I was more focused on getting my drugs and doing my drugs. Then I was well they were you know sick and like close near dad and
Mike: You know, I feel like I should have been there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: More. Yeah. Yeah. So the dreams is almost like you. Again, going back into the script into the movie at the same time open for different in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That your subconscious. That's really dealing with the brown horse and some of the guilt from the past.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's what it sounds like to me and and the way the best way to work through that is doing what you're doing right now to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Discuss it and figure out, okay, what are the breaks in those relationships that I would hope to have in store. And where are my currently because since they have already passed away. There really is nothing that she can do you can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, write your narrative for your present message.
Mike: Right, so I don't really
Mike: Have a way of alleviating that remorse. You know, so it kind of is it building
Mike: In that sense of if it looks like you know
Mike: Like the last, like, three. Let's say the last like three days have been
Mike: Pretty hard, you know, for for that fact.
Mike: And
Mike: There's been a lot of
Mike: A lot of my
Mike: Addictive mind but it's been really active
Mike: In the last few days, um, it, it's
Mike: You know it's done everything to rationalize you know why it would be okay to use
Mike: And on that I would
Mike: Not feel those feelings. If I use and I wouldn't think about those things. If I use
Mike: Those were
Mike: Probably the main thing is that my mind kept on trying to rationalize come to myself to give myself an excuse you know to go ahead and years and so um it was something I was like, Well, I'm glad we have a meeting this that
Mike: You worked out to be able to see you during the week.
And later.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This
Mike: With their hands kind of going on.
Mike: You know definitely helps to have a little bit of support, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like you said, because the dreams. It's hard for you to find any resolution to it because you can't really think of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's no way to repair it and I'm doing a lot of guilt and shame here. I find that you really connect with the different sides of the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mind versus the sober mind. So what if your dreams represented, you know, the shame side of the remorseful side of you, what would the opposite side represent for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Versus helpful.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. Hope.
Mike: I get to see. I hope would probably be the
Mike: Answer to that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And sell it through a Marshal side is playing attorneys very did that and then you wake up, what would the hopeful side see to the remorseful side.
Mike: That
Mike: You know, I can
Mike: Do things, you know, like, pray for them, spiritually, that they, you know, understood that know how much I cared about them, you know, and
Mike: That you know i was i wish that you know there was, you know, more time and you know I could have done things different that
Mike: Wish that things were different. Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, and a lot of ways.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the wholesale side to send a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: An assurance to the remorseful side that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Knife is now working on his sobriety Mike is not working on all of the things that kept him from being available and present for you during that time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those are the affirmations that you would use to describe what the remorseful side is trying to bring up
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was that remorse brains. The shame and the guilt know that shame and guilt is highly attached to be addicted.
Mike: So,
Mike: I'm really getting a dog. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. So we need to activate the syllable brain and the hopeful side more often. And so you have this stream the wake up. Wake up as quickly as you can out of it doesn't allow you don't allow that are more society to just allow you to stay in that sleep, wake up.
Mike: Like wanting to
Mike: Like, find out, like, where do you go
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That is just remorse that keeps you in the longer you stay in it, the harder it is to get out of it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think about it like, you know, it's just this large pool and has so many depths of wire.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, the further you go in the deeper you go in the harder it is for you to get to the surface. It takes a little longer for you to get to the surface. So, the quicker you get up from that dream and recounts the Alright one more side. This is what the hopeful side of me says
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And continue to say those affirmation so that remorseful side doesn't have much opportunity to the surface. Because now there's hopeful thoughts. That's activating there's more build spots that's being activated vs remorse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it makes sense why you would be really struggling with the addicted brain right now because that's, that's where this addicted brain is now resting in the subconscious.
Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, I feel like a deal with it quite a bit in my when I do happen to fall asleep, you know, whether I'm asleep for, you know, three hours or, you know,
Mike: An hour, you know, I feel like I there's a battle that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Going on there in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My head. Yeah. So Mike, let's come up with maybe an affirmative statement that you could say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Before you go to bed so that you can send a message to the remorseful five that it can't get activated during asleep. What would that affirmative statement be before you go to bed that you can repeat before you honestly
Mike: I'm working on my recovery, so that way I don't have any of those, you know, situations happen ever again. You know, or that I don't you know
Mike: Take the, you know, time or person for granted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, what could you say it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: remorseful side still pleasing a drain and now you've woken up from that dream. What would you say to activate the hopeful something
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would you say the same thing, or would you say something different.
Mike: I would probably be a bit lap down from the first
Mike: Comment not working.
Mike: You know if realistically, I think so. I
Mike: Think I would probably have to say something else.
Mike: You know, maybe something else. A little more firm.
Mike: I'm not sure. Like you know what it is. I could say that.
You know,
Mike: Immediately alleviate that on
Mike: That feeling, you know,
Mike: What yeah
Mike: We definitely want to walk off with something
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I agree. You know, so you save you save a lot of Satan before you go to bed room or side still find a way to visit during this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So there's that disappointment, but that disappointment is been taking you to that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you wake up you acknowledge it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, because the acknowledgement says, I see you, but I have to separate it. I'm aware of this. So you could say something as I see them are more side trying to visit however hopefulness now resides in my present and the future.
Mike: I think that's really good.
Mike: We will try there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Will be opportunities. I'm just Google a list of affirmative powerful statements and you know place within within your vision and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Put it on your phone. Put just those reminders.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because it's very clear that the reminders as play the day by day is the addictive side and you're constantly have to reinforce the sober brain, the sober brain, the hopeful side, the President
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's exhausting. It's exhausting. So what is not trying to figure out what word. You could use. What if you can just look at a quick glance and see the affirmation right and be remind you know and having that visual as well as that vocal representation of sobriety and helpfulness
Mike: And
Mike: Being a lot better way to do it. Instead of, you know, be able to see something, you know, visually, I think might be more helpful.
Mike: Be that, you know, a lot of the stuff that
Mike: I'm dealing with it like in dream and or visual, you know, for the most part, one of the heightened senses and feel like, so maybe visually might be more hope.
Mike: You know, yeah.
Mike: Boy Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah occupy all the senses that you can if you can even imagine what would hopefulness it's like they had a taste of it if it looked like something. What would that represent for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know smell any sense is that you can attach to sobriety into the hopefulness will help to Nelson new messages to the brain and rewiring the brain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That. Okay, now we've sent the census through the the elements, right, and now it's being able to say, all right, we're not going to activate. We're not going to activate the middle of with the fight, flight, or freeze.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We all want you to freeze in the streets are just remorse and while lowering
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The new signal now has the goal. It has to stay say there's a normal lower road of the brain and the higher realm.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the higher road. It takes a little longer for the wiring to happen because there's more work that needs to be done, so it's easier for us to default to the law role, which is what I described with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That the llamas gets the senses and then it sends a message to the amygdala. Hey, what do you think this is a threat, and then the mega says yep fight, flight, or freeze and then it just sends the response to stress hormones in the journal or in your case, Wyoming, and the shame, guilt,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Higher road takes a little longer because instead of going through that the Llamas with a census, it'll send it to the middle of it. Then from there says, hey,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's reroute to the hippocampus back and help us to process this categorize what this is and that categorization process looks like, okay, is this Murray more speaking or is this hopefulness speaking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And hippocampus will separate that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then give it a new outlook through the prefrontal cortex, which then helps with the rewiring and the more that you say hey higher road of my brain. I need you to activate now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Now the brain can continue to categorize a separate for you. Oh, Mike. This is remorse trying to visit again. Last time I remember you use these hopeful statements. Let's try that again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that rewiring that constant rewiring of hopelessness over a point in time. The Mykola won't even get activated, because it'll say, Oh, I remember last time, the higher role of the brain took this out and it filtered it out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then what happens all the time is, those dreams don't occur as often because there's no longer anything to feed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The remorse.
Mike: Right, okay.
Mike: So you're not feeding it
Mike: Naturally do
Mike: Yeah, you get in
Mike: Before you start to tender a direct your train of thought.
Mike: So right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you put into context what we talked about with the black or white thinking right and remorse will probably want you to feel as though you were never there for your family. You were always an addict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it was absolute right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But like I said in the room. Let's challenge those thoughts because there are no absolutes and like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There was a time where you were there for your family, maybe not the best version that you want it to be.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But there were times he
Mike: worked as a
Mike: Fascinating tonight. Yeah. Maybe I should been or whatever.
Yeah.
Mike: I definitely, I know that I was going to be
Mike: There but
Mike: At the absolute but
Mike: I just know that I could have done so much more over
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Mike: You know endorphin more present
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mom.
Mike: Had more presidents in mind.
Mike: On those things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But there's so much more you can do now, even though it's not what those relationships, but without hope openness represents is that I can make my past our present even that
Mike: definitely helpful. I appreciate some tools to
Mike: To work on that with the struggle at the recent definitely will.
Mike: Be applying those things to try to combat this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. What it yourself can look like before you go to bed. Do you just kind of like the stimulation going around and kind of just fall asleep and then wake up like all fell asleep or is there like a set routine for you.
Mike: You're using it's pretty routine.
Mike: You know, I'll
Mike: Put on some TV for a little while and kind of just like wind down
Mike: Trying to wind down mentally and
Mike: Get more
Mike: Out of whatever program, it is and I'm watching you.
Mike: Do that and what actually is taking place within my life, even just for the day.
Mike: And then I will typically, you know, start getting kind of tired and, you know, turn off the TV and go to bed. Usually that's all
Mike: Occurring
Mike: You know, while back when I was working. It was occurring on a total regular
Mike: Basis.
Mike: daily routine me, whereas like now that we've been off work on a lot of and unused energy that I'm a customer burning off is still flowing in my, in my body in so it's
Mike: A bit harder to go to bed at those more more times and it throws my regular routine like totally out of whack, like
Mike: It feels like it's totally out of whack. I mean, there's been times where it's like, you know, if I stay up watching TV, you know, for a while, then you know sometimes I'll, I'll even get up and eat something at times or, you know, or get a craving for
Mike: You know, doing something, you know, it's probably a craving for us, but it's manifesting in other forms like, you know, smoking a cigarette or
Mike: Partying or
Mike: You know, maybe getting on on the Internet.
You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
Mike: It's definitely manifesting in other forms, even though you know initially and
Mike: Probably at times, you know, between it's you know the answer in what my addicted line shows the views.
Mike: And and
Mike: problem will go away. But I know that that's
Mike: Not what I want. And it's not the
Mike: That's not the right way to fix the problem.
Mike: At all.
Mike: It just compounds and actually and makes it worse. So
Mike: That's good. I, I tell myself a lot when I start to feel like a lot of integrated mean
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You still have the time I
Mike: I do I don't actually have it here. I'm hoping to get it here in the next within the next week or so. I think it, everything is kind of
Mike: You know, shut down out here. And so where I have it. I am not been able to get to, um, and so I don't have it here with me as a moment but
Mike: I'm looking to hopefully have that hero hopefully everything works right I'll be able to get it back at the end of the month because there'll be a little bit more leniency to do some things. But I mean, really, a lot of that is all kind of going to be dictated by how this virus goes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is it
Mike: Can use to spread heavily
Mike: It's most likely that they are going to get further pushed out and restrictions are going to probably be extended, you know, and so I would like to have it right now. I think you have a via health
Mike: Or and I just remember, like, how much it was showing the endorphins that go off.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In my
Mike: Music thing versus doing anything else. And I'm like,
Mike: That was like
Mike: The biggest
Mike: Impact, or for for those that
Mike: And Mike, you did something I enjoy. I know I do. I always have, you know,
Mike: So yeah, I'm missing my guitar.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The interim you can do like a YouTube and like my instrumental just the guitar.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And maybe listen to those melodies before you drift off to sleep or white noise or some type of soothing sounds. I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because maybe just the lighting from the TV and what you're watching may not be as common for you. And so we're getting affirmations and my message of the routine, a little bit too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And those things that are fulfilling and soothing to you play that. So that's the last time you hear before you fall asleep, as well.
Mike: Try that.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: YouTube has everything. Someone said that, you know, my friends have this nice picture and I really thought like she went to a cabin in the woods in the middle of pandemic.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And she had just Googled fireplace on and then she'd like streamed it to her TV. And so it looked like she was like sitting in front of a fireplace, but really all it was was a YouTube streaming for fireplace. I think really how just a channel of just
Mike: A fireplace. I have found some of those on on my
Mike: TV services here.
Mike: Yeah, um, I got
Mike: Me. I like the fireplace, like you mentioned,
Mike: And, you know, like a be
Mike: A few different
Mike: A few different serene type of
Mike: Scenes and
Mike: Yeah, I have used those not quite as often as maybe I could try to you.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I didn't really think about using yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm really hopeful for your sobriety might because you have a site and the awareness. So I just want to encourage you. With that, that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Despite everything that you've experienced, you're still here. And so there's definitely hope for you to just make a better profit situation future. You don't have to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: nothing you can do about the past, you know, unfortunately. But you acknowledge that and what you can and what other people can see for you is all the progress that you've made.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Despite the past and and don't allow the shame and guilt to keep you there because it will just drag you back to where you
Mike: Got for me, they will
Mike: Take all the advice that you've been given and and try to put it to work. Yeah.
Mike: I would definitely
Mike: You know, like to, you know, continue having, you know, sessions, if that's the bell for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me. Yeah, I would like to
Mike: See data. I think there still is. I had mentioned, you know, I did just for such a long duration of time that I was
Mike: Addicted that there's been, you know, you know, so many things that have happened during the time
Mike: And
Mike: I mean even furthermore
Mike: You know things. Prior to that, that just our lives type of circumstances.
That
Mike: We had kind of mentioned sometimes predisposed somebody who
Mike: The liking of addiction, you know,
Mike: Um, so yeah, there's, there's still
Mike: Some a lot of questions that I'd
Mike: Like to maybe address in the, you know, ask and
Mike: You know, try to find resolution.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, it sounds like a good
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One. Would you like to meet again.
Mike: What's your schedule look like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Next week, Wednesday available.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He were from four, five or six o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, what they wanted to do a group on Wednesday. Sorry, I have Thursday at
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thursday at 430 available.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I have Tuesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The fifth at I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sorry, cuz I'm trying to reconfigure the time for you guys.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To hire Tuesday at 330 available.
Mike: That it's going to be probably a difficult day
Mike: That particular day, um,
Mike: What was the other day where you had besides repair.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so I could do Wednesday at the booth would be four o'clock six o'clock I could do your Wednesday at five o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or Thursday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: At
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 430
Okay, what
Mike: Let's do Thursday at 430. I think that would be probably the best
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Wednesday at five o'clock doesn't work for you. He wants to do Thursday the seven at 430
Mike: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'll see you then. I met Dr. April. Know that you showed up to the session.
Mike: Okay, great. So
Mike: I guess after
Mike: After she's notified she'll order whatever medications have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The order. Yeah, I haven't heard back from her yet so
Mike: When you do notify her that if you could just please give her a reminder, I do the tablet.
Mike: Form.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The tablet. Okay.
Mike: Yeah, just done one of the few that
Mike: Do that, instead of the other
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds good, like you have a good night.
Mike: You do the same. Jessica, thank you so much for everything and you're welcome. I look forward to, I guess, next time I see you will probably be on
Mike: Group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mm hmm. Yes. Monday. Yes, yes, I'll remind you about the appointment Thursday.
Mike: Excellent. Okay, thank you very much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have a good night.
Mike: You do the same thing.